well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
dancing dancing left and dancing right
talk about it because everybody's doing
it not too long ago two friends of mine
were talking to a Cuban refugee a
businessman had escaped Castro and in
the midst of his story
one of my friends turned to the Heather
and said we don't know how lucky we are
and the Cuban stopped said how lucky you
are I had a place to escape to
and in that sentence they told us the
entire story
if we lose freedom here there's no place
to escape to this is the last stand on
earth idealistic silly even heartfelt
not something you find in today's
discourse very often when you're talking
about politics open borders nonsense
Lefty garbage liberal snowflake tears
that's Ronald Reagan that's Ronald
Reagan reminding everybody that this is
the place where people are supposed to
escape to Liberal garbage I understand
more importantly that is Ronald Reagan
promoting Barry Goldwater of the
infamous Southern Strategy this is
rhetoric that would have appealed to
segregationists and racists of the 1960s
maybe not a pill tomb but they would
have been okay with it that's where
they're campaigning for this sentiment
is to the left of many in the Democratic
Party today and if you are a Democrat
that should give you pause because it
shows clearly exactly what happens when
every time the Republicans move further
to the right the Democrats just dance
over for compromise in the center
chasing votes rather than standing on
principle rather than making an argument
and bringing people to them
they show no backbone and they move to
the center which becomes further and
further right you do that long enough
and you have Ronald Reagan promoting
Barry Goldwater to your left
pure Republican I got another story for
you in the 1500s in a town called
Strasburg everybody just started dancing
nobody knows why
there's theories food poisoning that led
to the loosen ations all kinds of stuff
it wasn't was mass hysteria put a video
down below about it pretty interesting
the point is that's what the Republican
Party has you doing dancing further and
further right kicking you along with
that authoritarian boot you're selling
out everything this country stood for to
prove your loyalty to a man who has no
loyalty to you for what a red hat if you
hear that speech you hear that passage
and you think what a liberal snowflake
lefty and then you discover at Ronald
Reagan and you don't pause and you don't
realize how far you have gone from what
this country is supposed to stand for
it's something that requires a little
bit of reflection if we both if
everybody in this country stands on
principle we will be closer together
than we can possibly imagine those in
power like to keep us divided this is a
sentiment that most Democrats today
would have agree with we're the place
for people to escape to we're not the
place for walls
we're not the place for SWAT teams we're
the place for people to escape to anyway
it's just a fall you'll have a good
night